Hi everyone.
Today's Friday, April the 10th. My name
is Anne Marie Band and this is the Money
Ball Morning Report, charts by Trend
Spider,
gamma flows by Menter Q, news by
Benzinga Pro and data analytics by Trade
Wave.
So, let's take a look at what's going on
here.
Ever since
11:30
Eastern time yesterday,
we've sort of built a base.
And this base gives us 6852,
which is
above our pivot
and our anchored V web. The anchor V web
684075.
The pivot
three
or so. The 50 simple moving average is
also there. So, let's do our
observe, orient, decide and act, see
what we've got.
This is setting up to be another
breakout day.
Why would I say this? Well, we're
holding the floor of the formations
and we are about to break the ceiling of
yesterday's 3:30 candlestick
into the end of the day.
Whoopsie.
And that's going to matter.
Right?
It is. It's going to matter. If we clone
this rectangle,
we can see that that's essentially what
we've done. We went down one X the size
of the candle and moved back up into it.
So, we got very strong algorithmic
trading, everybody building
inventory in this space. You can also
see that by
the volume profile. All right, so what's
the storyboard? We're above the pivot.
We're above the 50 simple moving
average. The VWAP is flat,
but that's confirmed by the sideways
formation, equal
measures of below versus above. Below
versus above,
probably going to the top of the range.
Value area high,
6876. We have a big number that's around
6890. I'm going to move it into the
pivot,
6894.
My suspicion
is that we get to 6900, which is where
the I believe that is the the big call
wall
that we want to look at into the end of
the month. Now, interestingly,
uh the CME
built a product just for
uh JP Morgan's collar strategy. So, they
don't actually trade on the SPX and the
ES anymore.
They have their own uh product, but the
calculations say that this 68 65 number
is the top of their collar.
So, that makes for very interesting
measure. It could easily expand,
but my suspicion is that that collar is
going to matter towards the end of the
month. So, we're going to keep our eyes
on this number and realize that 6865
zone is something to watch. Okay. There
we are. Our midnight candlestick uh
looks like we're right on top of it also
and this is again, write it down, this
is the top of the call wall collar for
JP Morgan.
All right, now we're done with that.
What do we expect? Well, the 200 is way
down here.
Look what's happened to momentum.
It's dropped off
but still slightly positive.
My suspicion is dips are buys today just
as they were yesterday.
We're going to take a look at the spy.
That's going to be able to tell us the
spy was a dead giveaway that
price action was going to hold. I found
it to be absolutely fascinating. But
that's what we have. Upward pressure
events, where are we set to go?
Yesterday's high, 6876.
Then the higher levels of 6893
and 6900. Could it be that we fill in
the volume profile today, come down to
the pivot and then break out again? Yes,
absolutely.
Absolutely we can.
So
that's what we'll anticipate. Dips are
buys, spikes
could run. So you want to be very
careful about that, collapse into
tighter time frames. Let's take a look
at the NQ.
All right.
Same story board, uh, Jay Cappell of,
uh, Sentiment Trader, good friend of
mine, Kelly.
We've only known each other
almost 20 years now. Holy cow. So,
um,
he said insiders were buying software
uh, hand over fist actually and that
makes a lot of sense to me.
As we take a look at the NQ, we see that
the
overall in the whole market, the dollar
is sort of stabilizing around this 9850.
If you recall, I said
I don't know, about a week ago.
Maybe it was the beginning of the week.
I really can't tell time anymore in the
markets. It's just one long day. So,
what are we staring down? This number
around 9850
is really where
price action
sort of has a real grip on the dollar at
this juncture.
It still tells us the flight to safety,
particularly for the long end of the
curve, meaning longer-dated
Treasuries, is still solid. As it sits,
we don't have um
very much interest in the
short-term, the two and the three years,
because they believe that those interest
rates are going to have to rise.
So, that being said, here's what we've
got.
Let's take a look at the 330
candlestick formation from the prior
day.
Looks to be
Wow. So, they're really sitting inside
of it
here.
Held the flow to the upside.
What's the VWAP? It's flat,
but still up.
25,250.
The pivot,
25,150.
Anchored VWAP, 25,100.
13.
Could we come into that area and buy?
Yes, we are in a dip buy formation with
a likelihood of a breakout.
Watch those pivots.
Right here. But, tech is holding on.
Listen, folks. My suspicion is that this
is going to be used as exit liquidity.
Don't start building brand new positions
here.
If you build a position into the upward
flow in tech right now,
you're going to need to unwind that
position or
create a vertical collar for yourself.
A vertical collar is a short
a short call that finances a long put.
It gives you true protection
in in case of the market fading
dramatically past what it is you have an
expectation of. Listen, I don't actually
think that that's going to be the case.
I do think we see a fade. I don't
believe it's going to be anything
catastrophic. We're too hedged in the
market. All right. I've been talked to
enough
Let's just move on. See what we have
next. Let's clone this rectangle
up above here. Market action takes us
into the next pivot, 25,360.
And then 25,472.
Nice trades. Uh
dip buys, expectation of the breakout.
You know, would it be nice if we had the
same sort of thing that we had yesterday
where these guys collided,
we knew we had a floor, and we could buy
the dip. It doesn't look quite as pretty
here. They're expanding from each other,
but if you move to tighter time frames,
you might see a nicer setup. Let's go to
Bitcoin.
All right.
Same sort of noise. But,
we are holding the floor of this
formation.
Are we sitting still?
At or around
this 9:30 candle of April 8th.
The answer would be why yes we are.
Yes indeed we are. So let's clone that
candlestick.
It's still the highest volume of several
days
and let's
look at that. It's a one to one.
So they are using it as a measure.
As we move out into this area, this
looks like maybe a little bit more than
a 50%. This might be a 68 61.8.
No, that's right at about 50% to me.
And it goes right up into the pivot.
Very algorithmic trading. Look at what
we've got building here.
This looks pretty good for a breakout.
One fly in the ointment is the drifting
momentum, but with trend, it still tells
us it's dip buying. So we got to choose
a spot. Where is it? The anchored VWAP
looks like the line in the sand today.
Maybe a little below it. 71,580.
We are fighting the pivot which has been
rising.
The VWAP
is
flat but still up.
The 50 is flat but trending up. We are
making higher lows.
That tells me we're likely to have
ourselves a buying formation here. So
this break right into this zone gives us
the buy zone.
It does. Gives us good buy zone.
Could get choppy. I would say
if you're holding on for the long move,
wait this one out, go small size,
and then just wait it out.
Your risk, 71,500.
You can add if you get back there.
Um but yeah,
it looks pretty good. Clearly, you don't
have anything to do with a long if it
loses 71,580
because it has a chance to go back into
the 200 at 70,500
or thereabouts. Okay?
So,
if you are small size enough to handle
that 1,000 point move,
have at it.
That looks pretty good.
Let's go to oil. Sorry about the
sniffles.
You know me. I'm allergic to everything.
Absolutely abominable.
Okay.
Let's take a look at oil.
This passage of motion here
really tells us a little bit about what
the oil traders are thinking about the
ceasefire.
And they're cautiously optimistic.
What makes me say that?
We're dancing at a pivot that's only
slightly lower.
We're dancing at a 50 VWAP,
excuse me,
a 50 simple moving average
that has stopped chatting lower and is
now starting to hold higher.
And a VWAP that is flat
and higher than yesterday.
So, let's take a look at the new area
that we're staring down.
High volume
candlestick,
you know, to me,
it's still this one up up here.
So, let's the high volume candlestick.
Let's clone it. See if they are trading
it.
It looks like they're trading it. Right?
One to one.
Comes in, kisses
the zero DTE
put wall, which is 95.
The big put wall at 90.
The
uh
shifting gamma
and the 200 sitting at, you know, 103,
104.
As you know, it is my suspicion that we
get to about 85. That's my thought.
If things resolve. If we don't get out
of this pocket, it tells us that the
traders do not actually think
this ceasefire is going to give us
Oh, for heaven's sake, Fred.
What are you doing?
They'll give us the ceasefire. They
don't think it's going to work if we
don't move to the north.
All right? Um a lot of very interesting
characters at play
right now and uh
you know, we're just pawns.
Okay. So, here we are.
Higher lows.
Holding the V web, dips are buys, but
the dips could be steep.
What's the ideal buy point here?
In this cycle,
as long as we don't break 9760
here,
we're all right to buy
as this flat area around the V web tells
us.
If, however, we lose this zone,
it could be a short ride.
And not short ride, could be a long ride
short into 92-93. We are sitting right
in the middle of the value area pocket.
Delta flow
is
mixed.
Definitely mixed. And
uh price action is still in back
gradation. So, we'll we'll we'll see
what's going on here. All right? Suffice
to say,
we're sitting inside of yesterday's
formation. And so, the better bet is
going to be waiting on the edges
or
trying to break out or the break down.
Uh
you know, you guys know what I think. I
like
edges to test back into the value area.
Ultimately, if it breaks down and
continues, we've got ourselves a new set
of rules.
Let's go to gold.
Gold is a little bit sideways because
the dollar is a little bit sideways
today. Although, the relationship the
correlation between the dollar
and gold and the dollar and equities and
the dollar and oil, they've all broken
in the last 4 days.
Not sure what's going on with big money
behind the scenes, but the
uh correlation coefficients have really
pulled back.
Now, we can look at it with our eyeballs
and go, "Oh, yeah, that looks pretty
good." But true correlation very
difficult to assess.
And it is declining. All right.
Let's take a look at what gold is doing.
Where are we in relation to the pivot?
Well, we're dancing right at it.
Yesterday's pivot was above us, and so
we've got a decline in motion,
but still within range.
The biggest volume candle we had this
one two
the two days ago. And then we have this
one
at 11:30
on the ninth. Now, let's draw a box
around that.
If we rise
and break to the north, this is where
we're headed.
That's my suspicion.
First to 4804
and then
to
the midpoint, potentially.
Or the higher ridge of it. Anywhere
between the anchored VWAP at 4810
and the midpoint of heavy congestion at
4817.
Top of the box at 4824
sends us to the north. We want
this to quieten
if we are expecting
peace
and ceasefire to continue.
Again, we're in a hall of mirrors. We We
just can't do anything about it. Don't
fret.
God's got it.
And um
that's that's all we can think about,
right?
God's got it, and we just need to worry
about
doing the right thing in our own little
space.
Okay, so it looks like they're paying
attention to this box.
Of course.
So, we'll see.
Here's Here's the rub.
Upward sloping 50, upward sloping 200.
Downward sloping momentum.
This is a little bit of a messy chart.
Right?
Deep dips are buys.
But, we could still be gravitating back
down to where the 200 sits.
So,
we have higher
We have lower lows and lower highs. So,
I believe what this chart is doing is a
mean reversion to the 200.
All right? So, as long as we stay
underneath this 50,
we're going to change shape. That That
50's going to change shape. But, it is
moving upward, and so they're going to
try and get above it. Notice, they tried
to do it here, and they tried to do it
here again. Not happening.
The sellers are not
complying.
And so, what we expect is
sellers to take over, this 50 to
flatten, and we continue the mean
reversion into the 200,
which is going to be at or around
4745.
And that might be the buy zone there.
Okay? Quickly,
let's take a look at the
euro dollar.
Okay, that's not it.
Forex.
USD, not UDS.
All right.
Notice, 3 days
sitting here
with the dollar at peak.
Dollar at peak is, you know, it takes a
dollar 17 euro to give us a dollar
US. And so, this has been
third day testing here. Every time it's
gone down, but
we have these higher lows. Europe has
been rebounding nicely. Everybody's
happy with them now. Hey, they're doing
more. It's going to drive
uh folks back into the euro, but there
is heavy resistance above the 117 area.
So, we need to be super careful
there thinking it's going to break out,
particularly because I believe that
90.50 in the Dixie is is very likely to
hold. Okay.
So, what are we staring down?
High.
Up.
Here's our pivot, and then it moves
higher and higher again. Here's our spy.
Still bullish, but a lot of distance
between the 50
and the price action. Notice, this was
why yesterday was a very clean long.
Well, I came into this data, and I said,
"Wait a second. We've got long action
building here." Here,
not quite as
definitive,
simply because
we're very far away from the 50. Now,
pullbacks into that area will give us
some bullish pressure
for spy.
Where are we headed?
Well,
closing
Wow, take a look at this closing candle
yesterday. I mean, we're in the midst of
it. No doubt about it.
We're in the midst of that closing
candle.
That closing candle really is not that
big. It's that big. We're right in
there. The breakout above 680
could easily take us to the next pivot
at 682.77
and then 685 where the call wall is.
Dips are buys.
And the dips
they could be deeper
depending on what price action
is telling us. My
suspicion
is that we easily come to the top of the
330 box
from
two days ago.
Okay? And that dip is a buy. Now, if it
breaks out, you can chase it.
Momentum is very high and it's pegged.
I don't like chasing the breakout trade.
I would prefer to look above,
pull back, and hold a higher low. And
then I'm off to the races. Okay? So,
that area is about
681 and then 678
is where the pivot is.
And the 50 simple moving average is
sitting at the 4:00 a.m. candlestick.
Now, why did I not discuss the 4:00 a.m.
candlestick in most of the charts today?
Because they were sitting right in the
peat bog
of yesterday's
30-minute closing formation and our
Globex opening formation.
So, it's
who is important
and it all tells us that we're sitting
in this one pocket. The more pressure we
build here, the more likely it is that
we break to the north. This is what I'm
seeing. Take care everybody.
Um, pay attention.
Watch your risk.
And I'll see you on the streams.